---
title: Introduction
images:
  - object_01.png
---
# INTRODUCTION

This socio-landscape research is under the umbrella of the future Temporary Art Centre(TAC) project series. Against the backdrop of widening political divisions, rising inequality and the isolation imposed by the current global pandemic, this only proves that we are closer and more connected than ever before. We are at a moment in need of us to examine again: How do we want to live together in a shared future? What can we learn and unlearn from our collective behaviours? 



The project “How together” is taking the opportunity to examine and unlearn who we are as a collective and how we interact with others within the framework of spatial identity. We’re asking questions such as “How to create a connection and a sense of togetherness in an intentional community?”, "What kind of elements can we use to build up a thriving and more inclusive community?” At last not least, we traced back to a more fundamental question of commoning: “How do we gather” in the first place?



To answer these questions we focused on communal behaviour and action — DOING is an action and DOING TOGETHER is an attitude and learning/unlearning process to shape our common terrains together. It's also a process of exploring a new angle of TAC collective identity through actions and behaviours. 



The interactive website presents a future cultural landscape with imaginary facilities, spaces and human interactions. Through a series of how-to instructions written by the current and former TAC artist residents and local inhabitants, we are drawing a collective portrait of our future art space and its unique ways of forming a community. In the field testing video – Mopping the Floor, the performative space choreography demonstrated different narratives for togetherness which are speculated to explore, categorize and transform the dynamic communal experiences with scripted choreography: identities, bodies and movements.